[Music]
we just had one of the strangest
experiences of our lives last May we had
the opportunity to visit Tokyo during
our trip we heard rumors of a gigantic
theme park just five hours away in the
city of Nara abandoned Nara dreamland
was built as a replica of the original
Disneyland in California the one the
actual Disneyland opened in Japan the
amusement park went out of business and
was permanently deserted ten years ago
some needless to mention we had to learn
more and see it for ourselves
close the shop
[Music]
when we arrived it was time to do some
more research and things were not
looking good for us parka surrounded by
fences most parts with spikes and/or
barbed wire so there is definitely
security these are barbed with the other
ones that were after an hour we had a
plan to explore the park and we were
ready hold on a sec something else
happened that night see while in Japan
we got these insane somewhere.i haircuts
or as I'd like to call them the worst
haircuts ever but I promise I'll tell
you all about this story another time so
walking around the city these haircuts
once again caught everyone's attention
so we ended up meeting the number-one
darts player in Japan and challenged her
but the best part however as Matt and I
were losing miserably
Darren turned the bar into his personal
karaoke concert hall
[Music]
after a few hours of sleep it was time
to get serious
[Music]
let's go in the house house is this the
interest how's this for kids
[Music]
the mapping all the voters
any man playboy 1999 calendar that's it
he boogies on the surf stuff
[Music]
building this was probably once an
architect's or an engineer's dream
project but it's ruins now stand as a
grave or somewhat of a Museum of this
person's dismantling dream the only
thing left for us are assumptions as to
what the park used to be and what it
might become we'll then ever be reborn
will it stand as a lonely landscape
growing darker and rustier every day
[Music]